docs: PEM-5064 (#3212)
spectrocloud/librarium: _partials/_feature_flags_overview.mdx

---
partial_category: feature-flags
partial_name: feature-flags-overview
---

<!-- prettier-ignore -->
Feature flags allow <PaletteURL text="system administrators" edition={props.edition}  url="/system-management/account-management/#system-administrators" /> to 

> manage what features are available to the system's tenants. They can use this capability to roll out new features {props.edition} tenants in a controlled manner or choose not to implement a feature for their tenants due to security or compliance reasons.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
manage what features are available to the system's tenants. They can use this capability to roll out new features to {props.edition} tenants in a controlled manner or choose not to implement a feature for their tenants due to security or compliance reasons.
```

Features enabled by system administrators are applied to all tenants in the system. Once a feature is enabled, it cannot
be disabled.

:::warning

We recommend trying out new features in a test environment before enabling them in a production environment. Depending
on the feature, enabling it may have a significant impact on the system and current workloads.

:::

> To learn how to manage feature flags, review the following section for detailed instructions on enabling a feature flag.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Review the following section for detailed instructions on enabling and managing feature flags.
```
Maybe? :)

## Enable a Feature

> Use the following steps to enable a feature flag, but first, ensure your user meets the necessary prerequisites.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the following steps to enable a feature flag.
```
Isn't that implied in the prereqs section? :zany_face:

## Prerequisites

- You are a system administrator of the type _Operations Administrator_ or _Root Administrator_.

- You have access to the system console.

## Enablement

<!-- prettier-ignore -->
1. Log in to the system console. For additional guidance on accessing the system console, check out the
   <PaletteURL
     edition={props.edition}
     text="Access the System Console"
     url="/system-management/#access-the-system-console"
   /> guide.

> 2. From the left **Main Menu** select **Administration**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. From the left **Main Menu**, select **Administration**.
```

3. Select the **Feature Flags** tab.

> 4. Locate the feature you want to enable and toggle the switch on the right to enable the feature. You can also search
>    for a feature by typing the feature name in the search bar.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Locate the feature you want to enable and toggle the switch on the right to enable it. You can also search
   for a feature by typing the feature name in the search bar.
```

## Validate

Use the following steps to validate that the feature flag is enabled.

1. Log in as a tenant administrator to one of the tenants in the system.

> 2. Depending on the feature, attempt to access it. If the feature is enabled, you will be able to use it. If the feature

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Attempt to access the enabled feature flag. If the feature is enabled, you will be able to use it. If the feature
```
Why does it depend on the feature?
